So now we will create a component in which we will show the data of flights.
For that you have to go to the source folder and click on it.
And you have to create a new folder named components.
You will create a folder named component.
In this you have to create a file in which we will show the data.
You have to make a component by listing flights.
And in this you have to type rafce.
By which the basic boilerplate code i.e. the basic body is generated.
After this the first thing we have to do is to show the same data we have to use divs.
Now we have to use the basic JSX.
So on that we don't waste our time.
What we do is that by going to the code section.
We will paste the basic code in which we set the whole data.
So we will paste this code here.
I will explain it to you properly.
So basically what is here?
The first thing is that we have created a class named list.
In which there is another div named flight box.
In this what we will do is that everything will be shown in the flight box.
And this list we have given the name of the particular box.
Which you have just seen.
So we have given the name of the entire container.
In this the first thing that will be shown to you is the plane tail.
That will be shown to you from this image.
The image link that is given.
The plane tail that you see in the image.
It comes from here.
After this you will see the name of the flight here.
Now see here we have used this.
So how will it be?
By using props.
So we will use props to bring flight data from another file.
The same thing is here.
Flight box.
We have put airport info and departure info in another class.
For which we will use flights data again.
By using departure time.
And we will put departure airport code.
From where we are taking all this data?
We are taking from APS.
After taking from APS we are bringing through props here.
And in it some properties of departure and time we are taking from here.
So basically we are taking data from there.
Here the same thing is here.
Arrival city.
Arrival date.
Now in the end we have said price.
So what is price?
Here price is given in the form of decimal.
Price is given in the form of decimal.
It is given in the form of a float.
So now we will convert that decimal in the form of integer.
So we have converted this function by using this function.
So basically we have not done it directly in the form of integer.
We have taken its lower limit value.
For example if the value is given as 1.9.
1.9.
So if I say its seal value.
If we use math.seal function.
So its upper value is 2.
Its lower value is 1.
So it is the same.
If there is any integer value in it then it will give its lower value.
Means it will give the lower value of any decimal value.
For example if there is a flight fare.
12000 rupees and 55 paise for example.
So it will give you 12000 rupees.
So here the user will see the amount.
By using this.
Ok.
So finally this is our flight list.
Now by using props we have to get the flight data first.
From where we have to get the flight data?
From our main app.js.
From that we have to get the flight data.
So now first of all we will go to app.js.
And by going to app.js.
We will call this component first.
For that what we have to do.
You must remember.
That first we check this.
That in our flight data.
Is there any data in our flight data.
Means is our api returning any data or not.
If data is not returning then what we will show.
No data found.
Ok.
And if it is returning then only we will show that component.
So for that what we do.
Here.
Where our form ends.
Almost here.
Here first we put a condition.
What is that condition.
Flights data.
Dot length.
If it is more than zero.
Means.
If there is any data in it.
Then what it will show.
Then it will show us the component of flights list.
So here we are getting the component of flights list.
So as soon as we do this.
So see at the top our component is also imported.
See this.
Flight list component is imported.
Now after this.
Second thing.
After doing this.
What we have to put here.
Else condition.
What should happen in else condition.
In else condition you should see this basic text.
Which is.
Which I will show you here.
What is this.
Something like this should be seen.
Now you can directly see it and code it.
That a div tag will be seen.
In which no data will be available.
We have given something like this style.
Text align center.
Center text align will be.
And its margin which will be given from the top.
Will be of 75 pixels.
After this.
Now we have to send data in flight list.
But we are getting list of data from API.
We are getting arrays.
So now what we have to use here.
Map function.
What we will do by using map function.
Whatever is the data of our flight.
We will take that here.
So now the map function.
You have to write something like this.
Here your map function.
You will write something like this.
Which I had already copied.
But.
I will explain it to you once.
What we have done.
We have made a div.
In div we have given a class name.
All flights name.
In this.
What we have done here.
Means whatever the flight list will be.
Flight list.
Basically that whole component.
We have given a name.
Means we have given a class.
By doing all flights.
Ok.
And what is flight data.
Flight data.
Where our flight data was being saved.
Means this state.
Top one.
Here.
So what we are doing.
We are mapping the flight data completely.
From there.
We are taking out the data of each flight.
So we will give its name.
Flight data.
Then after that.
We have written the component of the flight list.
That we have written here.
After this.
We will give that component.
Whatever data is going in it.
We will give it a key.
We will give a key to every data.
What is the key basically.
Let's understand this.
See.
Here there is a list of data.
There is a lot of data in the whole flight data.
So now.
How will our code recognize every data uniquely.
So we have to give a name to every data.
We have given the flight data here.
We have given the flight data.
But basically what we are saying is.
That all the data inside it.
We are calling them flight data.
But the basic data.
In which you have information about the airport.
Information about the flight.
So it is necessary to identify it uniquely.
In the map function.
If your data is very big.
So you use the key keyword here.
And you use here.
Means.
If you do.
It is a good practice.
You should use it in the map function.
So the data named flight data.
There is a parameter named id in it.
You have to give it here.
So the key will be ours.
Now flight data dot id will be.
The id of every flight.
That will be our unique value.
Which will represent it.
This is the main thing.
After this.
What are we doing here.
Using props.
We are sending the flight data here.
In this component.
Okay.
Diff is closing.
And here is our else condition.
Okay.
So what will we do now.
Now we have sent the data here.
Now what we have to do is.
In our flight list.
We have to take it.
We have to call it.
We have to receive the prop here.
So what will we do.
By doing this.
Here we will write flight data.
Flight data.
This is it.
So flight data basically we have.
Received from there.
Now all these things in this flight data.
All these things.
The name of the flight.
I had shown you.
By calling API.
What all data you are getting.
So from that flight name was also getting.
And in this what you are getting.
In flight data.
You are getting departure airport info.
After this you are getting all these things.
Now some things are there.
Like departure time.
So our API.
Is not giving us a time.
It is giving us the full date.
So we have to get the time from that date.
We have to get the time info.
For arrival as well as departure.
So we have to do this manually.
So for this we have to.
To extract from ourselves.
We have to write logic from ourselves.
So what will we do for that.
So first of all what we will do.
Here we will make one.
Object.
In which we will first.
The extracted date.
Or sorry.
The extracted time from ourselves.
We will store that.
Then we will use it here.
Like we have used here.
By calling date time info.
We have made an object.
In that departure.
Is time.
We are using that.
Okay.
So.
We will make here.
And this is our basic.
Now what we will do here.
In this object.
We will go to two more objects.
First object will go for departure.
In this we will store departure time.
And.
In this what we will store first.
In departure we will have.
Date.
First it will be date.
That departure date will be.
What will happen for departure date.
That our flight data.
Which we are getting.
In that.
There is a departure.
Airport.
In that.
By doing airport.
By doing departure airport.
There is our.
Parameter.
Okay.
That departure airport.
Which.
Value is.
Key is.
Sorry.
By doing departure airport.
Our key is.
In that.
By doing time.
What is this?
There is another key.
By doing departure airport.
There is an object.
In that.
By doing time.
There is a key.
We will do that.
By using dot split.
Now in that time.
In that time.
What you have given.
The complete format.
That is.
You have given.
The complete format.
So.
Here.
The photo is also coming.
So.
You will be able to see.
What kind of object is that.
So.
What we have to do with that.
First of all.
We have to split.
So.
First of all.
We have to divide it.
From the middle.
So.
Wherever.
He will see.
T in that string.
So.
He will.
Divide that string.
For example.
Your name.
If.
For example.
Let's.
Take a word.
Maths.
So.
If we.
If we run this thing in math.
So.
What would happen.
He would have separated the things before t.
And.
Separate the things after t.
Same.
Departure.
For the time.
If.
He.
In this time.
If.
T string is found.
Which.
Will be found everywhere.
So.
He will divide it into two parts.
And.
Here.
The part before t.
That.
Gives us date.
So.
We will write zero here.
We will capture the part before t.
And.
Date.
Now.
We have to do the same thing for the time.
The time.
That.
Is in the string after it.
So.
What will we do for the time.
For the time.
We will do this thing here.
That is.
For the time.
From the flight data.
In departure.
In the airport.
With the value of time.
And.
Key.
We will split it first.
Like.
It was above.
Here.
We took the first.
Data before t.
Here.
We will take the data after t.
And.
From it.
We will take the values.
That is.
For example.
Here.
I will tell you by commenting.
Like.
It was.
Flight.
For example.
And.
S.
I will do it.
Later.
Now.
What happens is.
That.
If I say.
You.
Here.
It has only.
Five values.
To give.
From it.
Only five words.
To pick up.
So.
Now.
How many.
Words.
Will pick up.
Same.
Thing.
In.
Programming.
Is.
Zero.
You.
Tell.
That.
Means.
This.
First.
Thing.
That.
Is.
F.
Your.
Zero.
Index.
And.
This.
Is.
Your.
Last.
Index.
Now.
For.
Your.
Data.
Because.
You.
Have.
It.
In.
Your.
Data.
In.
Your.
Data.
And.
Your.
Data.
Is.
Your.
Index.
And.
You.
Have.
All.
Your.
Data.
In.
Your.
Time.
so it will be our time
ok
so you understood
after this we have taken
date time for departure
now second thing we need is for arrival
so here we will write arrival
and the method of taking date time for arrival
is same
you have to do same thing
and you will get the date time of arrival
in same way
so for arrival
you have to
extract the data
like this
then you have taken date
arrival.time
and same thing
ok
so now what we have done
we have taken all the data
through props
and date time info
sorry i have written date time info
so we have taken
date time info
now we have complete data
so now
we will check it
on website
first we will check terminal
there is no error in this
and now we will
go to chrome
and check
so see this
now you must be seeing
that how much business
is going on
but you have to notice
that the data of delhi to
bombay that we have searched
is coming to us
so one minute
i will show you
select a particular element
from this
these are different divs
so see it is telling you the name of the flight
from delhi it will go 20 hours
means 8 o'clock
and it will go to this date
ok
city name is new delhi
and after this
how many hours flight will be
how many stops will be
and till where it will go
so all these things
you have got here
now you just have to
give this thing style
means you have to make it better
so that it looks good
and now we will try one more thing
if we put some other data here
delhi to bombay
and we put date of day
means old date
and now we will search
so now what data is showing us
we will see it once
it is coming because
we have searched old date
and we can't find old date flight
and data is available
that's why it is showing here
but if we put here
date of day
and change city to delhi
and bombay to bhopal
and then
after this
we do economic class
and then do find fares
so it takes some time
to search this api data
and see here
all the info of flights
so here it is showing 2 flights
in 2 passenger's economy
and date is of today only
and for today 2 flights are available
and see the whole amount is shown
that how much is the ticket price
now we just have to
style it
so what we will do
here we have to style it
so first of all
we will go to
vscode
and here in components
we have to make a folder
named css
in which we will put css of our components
ok
so with this we can organize our code
we made components
in components we put flight name component
in that we made css name folder
and in this we will put css
css of flight list css
for that we will create a new file
we will name it
flight
list
dot css
enter
and same thing
you will also get css in code section
you don't need css from there
simply copy it
so this is your css
where we have given the background color
as white
so you can see the list
background will be white
we have given box shadow
box shadow means
the color around the box
how much gap from top to bottom
height
and same thing we have given here
like you have used this color for price
same all things
so this is very basic css
now once again
we check it once
first we see in terminal
there is no error
and now we check it
so for now
it is looking like this
we will reload it
reload it
after that
we do this
before that
one more thing
which i am forgetting
is to import css
so we will import css
so we will go here
and first of all
we will go to flightlist.jsx
and import css
so import
and here we will go to css
what we will do in css
which
flightlist.css
.css
we have imported it
in terminal we will see
if there is any error
now what is the error
cannot resolve this
so this means
that this flightlist.css
is not available
because we have given wrong path
once we check
path is still wrong
ok
flightlist.css
ok ok
so what is the problem
i will tell you once
the problem is that here it is called flightlist
ok
now let's see once
now there should be no error
and there is no error
we go back
and now we search
and we enter the date
and here the data
is being searched
and after this
we can see the style
here it is taking some time to search
because it takes time to call API
so see this
here the data
which was coming from this type
after styling it is of this type
so here the whole info of the flight
what is the name of the flight
from where the flight is going
how many hours it will take
how many stops
how much money is there for the ticket
because we are talking about economy
all these things are visible to you
so how good is this
you have taken the data of all the flights
so you
if you show this to anyone
if you want to take any flight
then you can directly search in your own site
you don't have to go anywhere
obviously you have to go to book
but you can imagine
how good is the project you have made
ok
now we have seen all this
after this we will make its header
and footer